Add spiffe secrets engine docs (#1218)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.22.x/content/api-docs/secret/spiffe.mdx

---
layout: api
page_title: SPIFFE - Secrets engines - HTTP API

> description: This is the API documentation for the Vault SPIFFE secrets engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Use the SPIFFE plugin API to mint SPIFFE JWT-SVIDs
```
